just about ready for the big one they
said gates fly they're racing in the
divided world cap and planter was slow
to move Capone Ian red cadeaux not
showing a great deal of place after the
start royal doubter is and went to the
lead with hunters light second side
glance third Treasure Beach fourth and
an African story animal kingdom out wide
dalla Han closer to the fence going
forward on the inside of me Andre red
kudos on the rail a length and a half to
plant two kaponi his second last and
casiano had immediately dropped out to
the tail of the field as royal delta
takes them to the back at the track past
the 1500 meters mark first quarter a
leisurely 26.5 royal delta leading by
three parts of a length animal kingdom
went up to be sick and the lengthened a
half away was hunters like third on the
inside of side glance another two
lengths beyond her on the outside of
treasured beach a link to della ha ahead
the red cadeaux on the rail a link to
plant to a link to African story caponi
second last in casiano a lengthened a
half back is the best part of 13 lengths
from the lead as they cast the 1000
meters Marcus turn with 800 run in 50
flash royal delta taking them to the
backbend and the 800 meters mark with a
break of a neat length over animal
kingdom a lengthened a half away hunters
light on the fence on the inside and
side plants two lengths beyond for being
ridden along then cruiser beach della
hands out three deep planter in the
middle red cadeaux on the rail than
casiano followed by African story and
Kaponi had dropped out to be last with
450 to run coming around the turn royal
delta surrendered to animal kingdom who
died in the length and a half in front
of side glance cutters light into the
clear went to on the outside of an
African story the Derby winner animal
kingdom in front for 200 meters left to
go
get on the inside starting to flash home
will he have time Animal Kingdom leads
animal kingdom three lengths in front of
red cadeaux and animal kingdom wins the
dubai world cup in the US Australia
combination animal kingdom is beet red
cadeaux third tight between planters
side glance African story on the outside
in me Andre treasured Beach patters like
casiano royal Delta Dullahan and capponi
will walk across the line last of all in
the divine world cup of 2013